{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7000\viewh9500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mary Anne \
\
Turn back.\
\
The Harbinger\
\
Soft flapping sounds of wet sheets in the rain, white flags against the coming storm. An unsure silhouette watches. Be wary of your surroundings. //\
\
Wet sounds of fabric on the clothesline. It emerges, presence flickering. A storm is coming beyond this one. \
\
The Herd\
\
They do not fully lower their heads to eat, yet they cover the landscape effortlessly, the grass yellowing in their wake. Silent watchful sockets and disappearing limbs towards the earth. They keep distance.\
\
The Liminal\
\
A constant flickering, an in-between-ness. You do not need to pick, only to find anchors of solidity in the darkness.\
\
The Lonely Pair\
\
These things pass, too, with or without those around you. Take in the taste of the night air and listen to time move. Be thankful for this bittersweet moment. \
\
//\
\
Two bodies hold one another, never warming. They sigh into one another\'92s skin. The stars peek into existence outside, peripheral pings of light. \
\
\
\
The Lost Saint\
\
Directional diagonals against a bright sky and a hopeful glance upwards, ever stretching. Symbols last, cool and unmoving atop the ever-changing-living-and-dying earth. Be mindful of what lasts and what crumbles.\
//\
\
Eyes towards the sun, ever the optimist. Pinned by forged iron, ringed by feathers, unbothered with arms outstretched. \
\
The Mantis King\
\
Even those alien to us have rules. Listen carefully, watch carefully, and move with deliberation. \
\
The Martyred\
\
Is the suffering worth the result? Will the structure hold? Will they be watching? If they are not, is it worthwhile?\
\
The Mother\
\
Do not make a sound. \
\
Do not wake her child. Leave. \
\
The Omnipotent\
\
We fool ourselves with our seeing, beacons of hyperfocus forward while the world carries on in the round. While seeing so earnestly forward: do not forget to listen.\
\
The Overgrown\
 \
A slow and steady crawl can anchor you unwittingly. Be wary. Do not let your routines become your prison, lest they overgrow and overthrow your person. \
\
The Overthrown\
\
Tyrants bleed, even when they do not listen. When did the listening stop? When must they be made aware?\
\
The Pensive\
\
Do not forget the warmth of small things. Sink your hands into fabric. Flex and unflex your living self.\
\
The Punishing\
\
His frustration sours the air. The thing grows misshapen, then just grows. \
\
He keeps crushing it, heedless of your presence.\
\
Button: Move on.\
\
The Reborn:\
\
Life cycles anew with frustrating continuity. Are you due for a renewal? \
\
The Recombined\
\
Black-purple earth parts as life returns to the surface. A smell of wet leaves brings renewal. Growth brings energy and life at the end of even the most final-seeming cycles.\
\
The Secretive\
\
Smiling from the dark, you watch each other for a while. Her breathing is steady.\
\
The quiet is a gift in itself. \
\
The Seer\
\
Another in your midst. Regard her fondly and with respect. The both of you can seek the same thing facing different directions. It is time to move on. \
\
The Shamed\
\
Like a blanket of wet denim in a cold bath. \
\
The Smallest\
\
Do not forget the most important things, the small things among us. Without their tiny webs connecting us we collapse. \
\
The Speaker\
\
Air pressed through a bellows older than time rattles softly. You learn more than you should today. Let it digest. Pay attention to the small things to balance it out. One day at a time. \
\
The Steed\
\
It\'92s laughing at you. Distant wet coughs. \
Button: ask why\
Button: let it laugh\
\
The Wizened\
\
Words consigned to meaninglessness will nip at our heels as we travel. Pocket these lessons for now with the understanding they will make themselves available when you are ready. \
\
To write:\
The Angel\
\
The Ascended\
\
The Godhead\
\
The Haunted\
\
The Patient\
\
The Persistent\
\
The Sitter\
\
\
}